feat(TUX-1057): Design-system Buttons in CSS modules (#3652)
Talend/ui: packages/design-system/MIGRATING.md

- Cannot be an HTML anchor

**How to fix**: The change should be mostly straightforward.

## Buttons

Buttons are no longer Styled Components. Their types are fixed.

> - Style changes (slightly larger by default, new colors)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Style changes (slightly larger by default, new tokens for colors )
```

- No more `Button.Icon`, use `ButtonIcon` components instead.
- No more `Button.Variant` syntax. Use `ButtonPrimary`, `ButtonDestructive` etc... instead.
- Props `small` is replaced with props `size="S"` to align with size props across the DS.
- Can't be used as links, use `ButtonAsLink` components instead.

> - Can't be used as `prefix` or `sufix` for `Form.Input.Group`. Use `AffixButton` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Can't be used as `prefix` or `sufix` for `Form.InputGroup`. Use `AffixButton` instead.
```
